smt_experiments/TODOs.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] create an abstract loop for running the experiment and plotting the results, and supply functions to it.
- [ ] refactor te code so it will use the same elements
- [ ] compare different operations. (not only element containment)
  - [ ] membership
  - [ ] set containment
- [ ] add assertions that z3 and our implementation gives the same results (correct / expected results)
- [ ] add a new plot for the overall time
- [ ] maybe do the tests in a more explicit way. (input, output), so it will be easy to understand what is running, 
  without getting inside the code.
- [ ] set containment
- [ ] use the same scale for the axes
- [ ] n_unions -> n_strings ( * num of basic sets), to have a fair comparison between the different
  types
- [ ] do regular expressions experiment (use open source code)
- [ ] multiple dimensions with strings
- [x] create a scatter plot comparing time for element containment over the
  number of intervals, comparing z3 and our implementation
- [x] create a scatter plot comparing time for element containment over
  the number of dimensions (single intervals) comparing z3 and our implementation.

## Maybe later
- [ ] look for projects using z3 and try to figure out how they use it
- [ ] try to understand and to find different optimizations to z3
- [ ] collect the sets that are actually in the examples, and check the results on them.
- [ ] compare z3 bit vectors and integer performance.
-

Commit message:

implementation of Z3ProductSet passing tests up to line 320
Signed-off-by: shaigue <shaigue@gmail.com>

smt_experiments/TODOs.md, after:

# TODO

- [ ] make abstract interface for hyperCubeSet with functions required for NCA (discuss with Adi about what is necessary)
  - [ ] send Adi an update when it is done
- [ ] make a copy of the tests for the hyper cube set, and skip the once that don't make sense for Z3
  - the target is to pass relevant tests and execute the tests (without connectivity map queries)
- [ ] Implement the abstract interface for hypercube with z3 and pass tests
  - [ ] send update after implementing some
- [ ] extend the experiments -- with some abstract examples, try to figure out the limits where z3 becomes more useful
  than our tools (maybe find some mathematical description of that? could be cool...)
- [ ] make n_unions set with the same number of sets, that is, if we combine different types of constraints, then I 
still have the same number of unions, and just take a round-robin of the different constraint types.
- [ ] implement the same hyper-cube set interface with Z3 -- In progress
- [ ] implement the same StringSet set interface with Z3
- [ ] implement the same IntegerSet set interface with Z3
- [ ] merge the benchmarking and z3 branches
- [ ] compare different operations. (not only element containment)
  - [x] membership
  - [ ] set containment
- [ ] add assertions that z3 and our implementation gives the same results (correct / expected results)
- [ ] maybe do the tests in a more explicit way. (input, output), so it will be easy to understand what is running, 
  without getting inside the code.
- [ ] use the same scale for the axes
- [ ] n_unions -> n_strings ( * num of basic sets), to have a fair comparison between the different
  types
- [ ] do regular expressions experiment (use open source code)
- [ ] multiple dimensions with strings
- [x] create a scatter plot comparing time for element containment over the
  number of intervals, comparing z3 and our implementation
- [x] create a scatter plot comparing time for element containment over
  the number of dimensions (single intervals) comparing z3 and our implementation.
- [x] create an abstract loop for running the experiment and plotting the results, and supply functions to it.
- [x] refactor te code so it will use the same elements
- [x] add a new plot for the overall time

## Maybe later
- [ ] log the operations that we do on cubes we do while running tests / benchmarks, and then run the same operations
  without the overhead of the entire NCA, but only those, comparing z3 and our implementation. -- Later On
- [ ] look for projects using z3 and try to figure out how they use it
- [ ] try to understand and to find different optimizations to z3
- [ ] compare z3 bit vectors and integer performance.
- [ ] perform scalability analysis - how different parameters affect the running time (mathematical description)
and use that to determine under what circumstances it might be better to use one implementation over the other.
-
